640
it is not uncommon to argue that, corporations have a responsibility to society and environment 
in which they operate. proponents of this view would argue that major environmental catastrophes
are examples of what can be done if corporations operate unchecked. from this statement 
a contradiction lays within this kind of thinking: we need outside forces to check 
corporations. expectation is that they would follow whatever tactic within the law to
produce profit. expect them to contribute to promoting environmental well being 
is illusional and a misunderstanding of their structure
1. corporations arose as a business model by contribution of shareholders. 
investors put their money into the corporation.
corporation can use their money to operate. then investors can get return.
investments are done primarily not because of altruistic reasons that 
they wanted to produce a dividend, or profit from their investment.
company itself may have altruistic goals, perhaps it attempt to find
alternative forms of energy or act as a think tank for government 
agency to improve relationship with middle east, but vast majority
of investors are not particularly directed toward social improvement
for those purely profit driven companies
2. is bad thing for corporation negatively affect environment?
pump noxious fumes into atmosphere as by-product of its manufacturing process?
environmental protection agency established to monitor such companies
to ensure practices fall within boundaries
3. engaging in practices to adhere to legal expectations to
protect society and environment is costly to corporations
expect corporations to embrace such practices beyond wha is required is
to presume they wiling engage in an inherently self destructive process, unnecessary
lowering of profits

641
other ways to improve profits besides cutting operating expenses
without proof, authors decides, there are 2 viable options 
for increasing profits: raising rental prices, cutting costs
1. why is raising rental prices unthinkable. author implies store
is famous for special bargains (cheap), raising rental prices eliminate
competitive advantage, and decrease profitability. assumed no room to
raise current prices and yet maintain lower prices than competitors.
prices increased slightly but still cheap. even if reputation for 
bargains would be eliminated by an increase in prices, author assumes
that store cannot change course and be successful in other way
wrong to assume causal relationship between bargain prices and succes
2. whether this store is analogous to other 9 stores. perhaps patrons (customers)
of other locations resent such changes in hours of their local stores
3. whether truly increased profitability. only writes decreased operating 
expenses by closing earlier. no mention of increased profitability
possible that profits decreased as a result of cost cutting
4. even if cost cutting measures increased profitability at last month,
no guarantee such measures would continue to increase profitability over time
observe and interpret action's affect profitability over several months, before implementing
such sweeping changes at every store

642
1 a
2 c
3 c d
4 b f
5 c d
6 b e h
7 a f g
8 a f
9 b
10 a b

researcher contend sleep no role in factual memory
impairment in rapid eye movement sleep continue to lead normal lives
if sleep crucial memory, individual memory deficit

11 c
12 e
13 e
14 b
15 a c 
16 d e
17 a e
18 c d
19 a f
20 c
21 a
22 c
23 a b
24 b
25 c

642 
error
